hello everyone and welcome back to
Borderlands Borderlands as you know is a
first-person shooter slash RPG and know
when you first start out you are
marooned here because this little car
thing over here
um sky named bonehead over there
actually stole it and he is now now owns
it and um there's a quest we have to
kill him to get it and if you play this
game at all and gotten up to that point
you know that killing bonehead is one of
the hardest bosses in the game after
after actually going to kill him after
killing him actually it's like the
easiest thing in the world do it do it
without with your eyes closed but with
the equipment that you have at that
point in the game and the level that you
are it is very very difficult actually
kill him now
I'm going to show you a way in which you
can kill him with conserving a lot of
your ammo
and conserving a lot of your ammo and
not taking any damage Wednesday I'm not
taking any damage I mean you were not
taking any damage just achoo now first
off I must warn you this like you said
this is a pretty good girl game so if
you are pretty sensitive sensitive to
that kind of stuff I wouldn't advise
watching this right now but if you want
to know how to kill bonehead without
very much trouble this is how you're
going to do so what you want to do is
you want to come over into his lair now
if you're a low-level this is this can
be a very different operation you need
to run in you need to kill all the bot
all the little mobs are waiting here for
you you need to get own head out into
the open preferably by this wrong if you
have them by the rock that'll be the
easiest situation yeah you just have to
wait for him to come out
all right now you want to sprint away as
fast as you can because you don't want
them following you and you don't want
any these mobs because that can be
really dangerous situation it can also
ruin your your little cheat here come
over here obviously
you guys want to see more Borderlands
let's play I please tell me in the
comment section below because it's a fun
game
alright now you have them over here
right he can't move because he is at a
certain distance where if you like get
any closer he'll be able to move around
but like the right here is like a sweet
spot because he can't move and his mom's
can't move either now you can try to
come over here do that whole parkour
thing that doesn't really work out very
well because the distance is really hard
to achieve and we since he moves it he
moves around so actively when you're
over there
um it's really hard to kill on with that
so right here is really perfect too
because um it's also in a distance where
if you leave his lair or when you leave
his lair after two EPs tempting to
battle him his health will automatically
do a chain right here that's not an
issue because you're already added a
layer so his health doesn't have a
chance to regenerate now you can see you
still doing zel animations not a big
deal right here yeah and now he's dead
now at this point you kind of have to
hurry because um I think stuff in
Borderlands does have a key spawn right
but it's usually pretty long time so you
can think and walk but I wouldn't risk
it
stuff over here is pretty low level so
I'm not having a huge difficulty with it
but as one in the beginning levels under
level 10 basically or above
I kind of remember what level you are
when you have to kill him
it takes quite a long time to come in
here and usually there are some things
waiting for you so please just keep that
in mind
don't come on obviously for me it's very
easy for the high level I was sure it
was like a safe mode so I can play it
without having so many exciting things
on YouTube and you also want to blow up
these barrels because sometimes other
mobs can spawn and they can really screw
this up and now once you killed him and
his comrades without taking barely any
damage or I don't know how much damage
you can take then you can pillage all
the loot
and I have of course such a huge amount
of money
Halla bol shredder has such a low-level
character this is like really really
useful but eventually once you get in
higher levels this becomes less and less
relevant and is of course an infinite
supply since well no one had become so
easy to kill so you don't mean to worry
about carrying that around it's not like
an item as the old sniper or the or you
have the old sniper which can't really
get back because there's not a you don't
professional boss and you can't form
boss and you can't farm when you don't
have a boss so um limit supply there if
you ever need some cash you know that's
pretty good way to get some so this is a
basic tutorial on how to kill boneheads
very easily if you're a just picky
starting out behind level about hi Meryl
hi did both times lights came on PC and
the Xbox so this has been a basic
tutorial please tell me in the comment
section below if you want to see more of
these kinds of tutorials or gain more
gameplay of Borderlands hopefully I am
going to be doing something with jewel
tech pretty soon here so be looking
forward to that please don't forget to
subscribe and really need subscribers
right now and spin more lands and I'll
see you guys later